Descriptive text does help clarify and set expectations. However, even in that situation, there is often ambiguity about the scope of the link. Does the link go to a full page dedicated to the topic? Or does it lead to a landing page where the user will have to choose from a dozen other links? Does it point to an external site or an app store? These are all questions that an informative link label can help answer.

The phrase is most dangerous when used alone because of its ambiguity and poor information scent. It creates uncertainty, because users don’t know what to expect if they click, or whether it will be worthwhile to wait for a new page to load. That feeling of uncertainty can cause users to hesitate and shift into a state of cognitive strain. Some may resort to page parking for evaluating unclear links.

If a webpage has several Learn More links, users may wonder if the links point to the same page or to different pages. Once again, uncertainty and cognitive strain have a negative impact on the user experience. Worse, when they do point to the same page, users may waste clicks and be disappointed to discover that the same page is provided. That adds disappointment and confusion to the mix.

Finally, as a standalone link, the lack of descriptive keywords is a serious problem for accessibility. People who are visually impaired and using a screen reader or magnifier aren’t able to quickly glance back to the preceding-paragraph text to see what the Learn More link may refer to.  Most screen-reader users will hear a list of links read to them, with no visual context to help them make sense of different generic Learn More or Read More links.

So, if you use descriptive labels instead of standalone Learn More text, your copy will benefit in several ways:

Links will be more accessible.
Links will be more enticing to users and potentially more persuasive.
Users will feel more confident as they click from page to page.
More keywords on the page will help search-engine optimization.
Meaningful links will stand alone and help users who are scanning the page.
What to Say Instead: 3 Solutions
Now that you’re on board with rewriting those link labels, let’s see some suggestions for what to write instead. Below are the three most common approaches.

Option 1: Use keywords that describe the link’s destination.

This is the most common and, typically, the best approach. To do this, you have to look at the destination page and see what it’s about. Don’t skip that step. When rewriting the labels, remember to try to front-load the link text by putting the most relevant keywords at the beginning of the text. For example, instead of “Learn How Professional Chefs Cook Squash”, try “Cook Squash Like The Pros.”  Front-loading text makes it much faster for users to scan the page and decide what to do next.

Option 2. Retain the Learn More format and add descriptive keywords.

There are times when it is acceptable to retain Learn more, if you qualify it with information about what is to be learned (e.g., Learn more about our services). The downsides to this approach are space constraints for the longer label, and reduced scannability because the relevant keywords appear at the end instead of the beginning of the phrase. Nevertheless, a long link does create a larger target, which is faster for users to click and tap than a small target. In some cases, you might try only linking the descriptive phrase, for example: “Learn more: How a Link is a Promise.”

Option 3: Convert the preceding-paragraph heading into the only link.

If the heading of the preceding paragraph is obviously styled to look like a link and the copy clearly describes what the link points to, then a Learn More link is probably redundant.

Source: https://www.nngroup.com/articles/learn-more-links/
